The advantages of the spread of English as a global language will continue to outweigh its disadvantages. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Opinion essay: to compare pros and cons, have got to 

Introduction:
    Paraphase:
    Opinion: Agree, advantages have been exceeding disadvantages

Body 1: Disadvantages
    S: The disappearance of the other languages 
    S: Science subjects are being underrated

Body 2: Advantages 
    S: Encourage internation communication 
    S: Opportunities for thoes who want to study or work abroad

Depvelopments:
    -   As English continues to gain popularity, many English centers have been established in order to meet the demand. Though it may bring threat to the education system, in my opinion, this trend is a positive change for our society.
    -   Besides the mother tongue, having at least one foreign language is indispensable/integral equipment for everybody to work in the international world.English has been becoming the best choice.
    -   The expansion of English as a worldwide language has been a controversial/debatable topic.
    -   It is a detrimental impact on the conservation of cultural diversity.
    -   Additionally, it promotes international colaboration as well as enables people to make friends overseas. In the modern flat world, enterprises aim to sell/export their goods in other markets which are out of the country borders. 
    -   The appearance of English teaching centers has been severely concerning the authority and it is definitely their responsibility to curb that rapid growth.
    -   A student who is gifted at science will hesitate to expose to the internation programs such as student exchange or studying abroad unless they are equipped with good English communication skil.

    In conclusion, while some agure that the growth of English is detrimentally impacting some social aspects, its benefits are undeniable and completely exceed the drawbacks
    the most obvious is the disappearance of other languages

The dominance of English can lead to
globalization:
urbanization:
the more ... the fewer ...
controversial
choose-chose-chosen
negative/detrimental impact
business/enterprise
essential/integral/indispensable skill
optimal choice/best choice
relevant-irrelevant
inappropriate
extinction
the conservation of cultural diversity