Some cities have vehicle-free days when private cars, trucks and motorcycles are banned from the city center. People are encouraged to use public transportation such as buses, taxis and metro on vehicle-free days. Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages?

Opinion essay

Introduction:
    Paraphase:
    Opinion: benefits exceed the drawbacks.

Body 1: Advantages
    T: 
    S: inconvenience and distruption to individual who rely on private vehicle suffer from navigating in city (So as to..., which affected person ,....) defined relatively clause
    E: delivery drivers, emergency services could not get destination on time
    S: businesses suffer financially
    R:  affect employment and economic status of the city

Body 2: Disadvantage
    T:
    S: reduction in air pollution
    E: By restricting vehical major source of air pollution (Unless/if)
    S: promote sustainable transportation
    E/R: individuals are inspired to adopt more environmentally friendly commuting habits

Conclusion:
    make vehicle-free days a worthwhile initiative in the long run.

Alternative development:
    In order to prohibit private vehicle such as cars,<order to followed by a comma> motorbikes on some particular days, the policy about vehicle-free is issued in several cities.
    According to this regulation, residents are urged to use public transportation instead of driving their own cars.
    The advantages of this policy obviously dominate its drawbacks.
    While there are drawbacks to this program, the benefits exceed the drawbacks.

    This restriction program might pose risks, one of those disadvantages is the inconvenience and distruption it cause to the traffic flow.
    For instance, commuters who tremendously rely on traffic for their daily commuting will struggle to navigate through the city can reach their final destination on time since it depends on buses' schedule.
    Furthermore, shops and showrooms which are located in city center may seen a decline in the number of visitors, that would affect not only the revenue but also the reputation of the business. The unforeseen incident is a threat to any trip using public transport, for example, an unpredictable rain could 
    Reducing help to manage the traffic congestion

    Despite these disadvantages, residents would be benefited in many sectors.
    Local residents would take massive advantages.
    Air pollution has been a extremely severe concern in many developed countries and vehicle emission is the key contributor. Banning private vehicles is a wise policy to tackle. Reducing car would help to substantially conserve the air whereby the quality of life could be enhanced  for the residents. Additionally, commuting without a private car can motivate people to cycle and walk for short trips. If an individual opted/adopted this subtanable moving habits, their health would be enhance beside the benefits on dialy commute

    Although there may be discomfort and interruption to certain individuals and businesses, <follow by a comma>
    while there may be discomfort and interruption to certain individuals and businesses,
    <follow by a comma>
    the health and environmental benefits make vehicle-free days a worthwhile initiative in the long run.

reliance
sustainable
substantial 
emission
fossil fuels